{"id": 2728, "title": "Ticket #2728: RFE: a 1st-class accounting_group 'command' for submit files", "description": "<blockquote>\nAccounting groups are currently set using the '+' syntax directly on the <span class=\"wiki\"><a class=\"missing\" href=\"wiki?p=AccountingGroup\" title=\"Accounting Group\">AccountingGroup</a></span> attribute:\n<div class=\"code\">\n<pre class=\"code\">+AccountingGroup = group.subgroup.username</pre></div>\n\n\n<p>The proposal is to provide a 1st-class submit command:\n</p><div class=\"code\">\n<pre class=\"code\">accounting_group = group.subgroup</pre></div>\n\n\n<p>where 'usernanme' is defaulted to the 'Owner' attribute, and the \"<span class=\"wiki\"><a class=\"missing\" href=\"wiki?p=AccountingGroup\" title=\"Accounting Group\">AccountingGroup</a></span>\" attribute is then constructed internally.</p></blockquote>", "remarks": "<blockquote>\n<em>2011-Dec-22 15:14:48 by eje:</em> <br/>\n\nOpen questions:\n<ol>\n<li>Do we want to provide another command 'accounting_group_username' to let users override the 'Owner' as default username?  (or is it sufficient to let users override using the existing +AccountingGroup method?)\n</li><li>Would it be desirable to <strong>forbid</strong> 'username' from being anything <strong>other</strong> than 'Owner'?  Alternatively to allow admin to choose whether or not this is allowed?\n</li></ol>\n\n<p></p><hr/>\n<em>2012-Jan-04 20:39:15 by eje:</em> <br/>\n\nsee also <span class=\"ticket\"><a class=\"new\" href=\"/wiki-archive/tickets/?ticket=1735\" onclick=\"get_ticket_and_populate_wrapper('1735'); return false;\" title=\"AccountGroup can't be set by SUBMIT_EXPRS\">#1735</a></span>\n\n<p></p><hr/>\n<em>2012-Sep-21 16:33:42 by eje:</em> <br/>\n\nThere is a proposal implementation on topic branch: V7_9-gt2728-1st-class-acct-group\n\n<p>This proposal has the following features:\n\n</p><p></p><ul>\n<li>In a submit file, a line of the form 'accounting_group = &lt;group&gt;[.&lt;subgroup&gt; ...]' sets an accounting group\n</li><li>An optional command 'accounting_group_user = &lt;user&gt;' sets the user that appears in the 'fully qualified' name &lt;group&gt;.&lt;user&gt;  (e.g. physics.gravity.albert).  The user defaults to the value of Owner.\n</li><li>On a job ad, new attributes 'AcctGroup = \"&lt;group&gt;\"' and 'AcctGroupUser = \"&lt;user&gt;\"' appear if 'group = &lt;group&gt;' is used in a submit file\n</li><li>The condor system continues to key off of the legacy attribute 'AccountingGroup = \"&lt;group&gt;.&lt;user&gt;\"'   If a condor submit file overrides this value, using the legacy '+AccountingGroup = &lt;group&gt;.&lt;user&gt;' then that overridden value will take precedence over any values from 'accounting_group = xxx' and/or 'accounting_group_user = xxx'.  (Note, in the job ad, 'AcctGroup = xxx' and 'AcctGroupUser = xxx' could become misleading in this context, however anybody using 'accounting_group = xxx' and 'accounting_group_user = xxx' will have no need to use the legacy approach)\n</li></ul>\n\n<p>Demonstration:\n\n</p><p>Using the following config:\n</p><div class=\"code\">\n<pre class=\"code\">NUM_CPUS = 6\n\nGROUP_NAMES = a, b\nGROUP_QUOTA_a = 3\nGROUP_QUOTA_b = 3\n</pre></div>\n\n\n<p>Spin up a pool, then submit the following jsub:\n</p><div class=\"code\">\n<pre class=\"code\">universe = vanilla\ncmd = /bin/sleep\nargs = 600\nshould_transfer_files = if_needed\nwhen_to_transfer_output = on_exit\n\n# use 'a.&lt;owner&gt;'  (e.g. a.eje)\naccounting_group = a\nqueue 1\n\n# use 'b.&lt;owner&gt;'  (e.g. b.eje)\naccounting_group = b\nqueue 1\n\n# use 'a.u1'\naccounting_group = a\naccounting_group_user = u1\nqueue 1\n\n# user 'a.u2'\naccounting_group_user = u2\nqueue 1\n\n# use 'b.u2'\naccounting_group = b\nqueue 1\n\n# use 'b.u1'\naccounting_group_user = u1\nqueue 1\n</pre></div>\n\n\n<p>After submission, you should see the following on the job queue:\n</p><div class=\"code\">\n<pre class=\"code\">$ cchist condor_q AcctGroup AcctGroupUser AccountingGroup\n      1 a | eje | a.eje\n      1 a | u1 | a.u1\n      1 a | u2 | a.u2\n      1 b | eje | b.eje\n      1 b | u1 | b.u1\n      1 b | u2 | b.u2\n      6 total\n</pre></div>\n\n\n<p>Once the jobs all negotiate and run, you should see these on the slot ads:\n</p><div class=\"code\">\n<pre class=\"code\">$ cchist condor_status RemoteGroup AccountingGroup\n      1 a | a.eje@localdomain\n      1 a | a.u1@localdomain\n      1 a | a.u2@localdomain\n      1 b | b.eje@localdomain\n      1 b | b.u1@localdomain\n      1 b | b.u2@localdomain\n      6 total\n</pre></div>\n\n\n<p>And the accountant should show it's expected output:\n</p><div class=\"code\">\n<pre class=\"code\">$ condor_userprio\nLast Priority Update:  9/21 14:02\nGroup                 Config     Use    Effective   Priority   Res   Total Usage  Time Since\n  User Name            Quota   Surplus   Priority    Factor   In Use (wghted-hrs) Last Usage\n-------------------- --------- ------- ------------ --------- ------ ------------ ----------\na                         3.00 no                        1.00      3         0.05      &lt;now&gt;\n  u1@localdomain                               0.50      1.00      1         0.02      &lt;now&gt;\n  eje@localdomain                              0.50      1.00      1         0.02      &lt;now&gt;\n  u2@localdomain                               0.50      1.00      1         0.02      &lt;now&gt;\nb                         3.00 no                        1.00      3         0.05      &lt;now&gt;\n  eje@localdomain                              0.50      1.00      1         0.02      &lt;now&gt;\n  u1@localdomain                               0.50      1.00      1         0.02      &lt;now&gt;\n  u2@localdomain                               0.50      1.00      1         0.02      &lt;now&gt;\n-------------------- --------- ------- ------------ --------- ------ ------------ ----------\nNumber of users: 6             ByQuota                             6         0.10    0+23:59\n</pre></div>\n\n\n<p></p><hr/>\n<em>2012-Sep-28 11:56:09 by johnkn:</em> <br/>\n\nThis checking as missed the window for 7.9.1 moving to 7.9.2\n\n<p></p><hr/>\n<em>2012-Sep-28 11:59:13 by johnkn:</em> <br/>\n\n<ol>\n<li>setting the separator as a param seems very problematic.  What happens if this param is not the same between submit and negotatate? We should be separating the group from user part of the <code>AccountingGroup</code> attribute by treating known group names a groups, and all others as usernames.\n\n<p></p></li><li><code>Group</code> is a very generic name for an attribute.  What happens if someone has a condor pool that is already using this attribute name for their own use? The potential for collision on this name is pretty high, and if there is collision, the behavior is going to be <em>very</em> wierd.\n\n<p></p></li><li>There is no need to have <code>AccountingGroup</code>, <code>Group</code>, and <code>GroupUser</code> as separate atrributes.  Things will only work correctly if these three values agree, but there is no need to replicate the data just to make it easier to split on the other side.  <code>AccountingGroup</code> and <code>AccountingGroupUser</code> are sufficient.  If <code>AccountingGroupUser</code> is the user part of <code>AccountingGroup</code>, then the group name is just whatever is left over.  OR, we define <code>AccountingGroup</code> to contain only the group name if <code>AccountingGroupUser</code> is defined.  Either way is better than having 2 pieces of information stored in 3 attributes.\n</li></ol>\n\n<p></p><hr/>\n<em>2012-Sep-29 14:27:17 by eje:</em> <br/>\n\nFWIW, my reasoning around those three issues was driven primarily by considerations of backward compatability.\n\n<p>I know of at least one customer who makes use of a fairly involved system of scripting layered on top of their condor install, which assumes legacy behavior w.r.t. using \"+AccountingGroup\" and using '.' for the group separator.\n\n</p><p>Furthermore, any other customers using accounting groups will at least be using submit files that assume the same two legacy behaviors, and I'm loath to force admins to track all that down on upgrade, if they don't have a compelling reason to.\n\n</p><p>It's also the case that some customer utilities and/or sw key off of the 'AccountingGroup' attribute (in fact so does Cumin, iirc), and so changing its format would not only break customer legacy submit files, but could break other software that consumes the attribute.\n\n</p><p>Although the requirement for syncing GROUP_SEPARATOR between condor_submit and condor_negotiator opens up an opportunity for getting <strong>out</strong> of sync, my reasoning is that anybody wishing to use an alternative like ':' will be required under any circumstances to upgrade their submit machines and whichever node is running their negotiator, and so an additional touching of GROUP_SEPARATOR can be done while they touch each machine (and easier yet, if they could use wallaby).  Meanwhile, the default behavior is backward compatable for anybody not wishing to worry about it.\n\n</p><p>Although it is also true that a user <strong>could</strong> construct a confusing situation where Group/GroupUser are not in sync with 'AccountingGroup', my view on that is any user aware of 'group/group_user' won't feel any particular temptation to set '+AccountingGroup', and I made a point of deprecating the '+AccountingGroup' syntax in the doc.\n\n</p><p>Lastly, I'm not deeply enamored of 'Group/GroupUser', but the only name I'd be genuinely enamored of is \"<span class=\"wiki\"><a class=\"missing\" href=\"wiki?p=AccountingGroup\" title=\"Accounting Group\">AccountingGroup</a></span>\", which is taken, and I don't think we can change its semantic for the reasons I already mentioned.   Also, 'Group' does happen to be consistent with the convention of 'RemoteGroup', 'SubmitterGroup' and friends, and so it seems like the sanest choice.   In the unlikely (imo) event that some customer is using \"Group\" on the job ad for their own purposes, they do retain the fallback of using the deprecated '+AccountingGroup' syntax, and thereby avoiding the appearance of a colliding Group/GroupUser attribute.  All that customer would need to do is <strong>not</strong> take advantage of the new group/group_user option in the submit file.\n\n</p><p>Eventually, my hope is to go through a formal deprecation process for the use of \"+AccountingGroup\" in submit files, and at some point formally change the default of GROUP_SEPARATOR to ':'.   At the point where we formally stop supporting it, I think that would make unwinding the current mashed-up format on 'AccountingGroup' a feasible option.\n\n</p><p></p><hr/>\n<em>2012-Nov-09 11:05:05 by tannenba:</em> <br/>\n\nAccounting groups have always two modes of operation: an accounting group with a quota, and an accounting group without a quota.\n\n<p>Looking over the testing and the documentation changes, it seems like only the accounting group with quotas case was considered.\n\n</p><p>Does specification of just an accounting group w/o use of quotas (aka changing the accounting principal name) still work?  Is the distinction still clear in the Manual?\n\n</p><p></p><hr/>\n<em>2012-Nov-09 11:41:13 by eje:</em> <br/>\n\nI didn't make any changes to documentation having to do with use cases.  My changes were to document the new 'group' command and to mention that '+AccountingGroup' is still available, but deprecated.\n\n<p></p><hr/>\n<em>2012-Nov-27 10:07:53 by eje:</em> <br/>\n\nWas this supposed to be reverted from 7.9.2 only, or from master?   (the revert appears to have gotten into master, but the comments were for 7.9.2)\n\n<p></p><hr/>\n<em>2012-Dec-18 17:55:54 by johnkn:</em> <br/>\n\nThese changes to submit are semantic sugar.  They are not a substitute for fixing the matchmaker to allow usernames containing \".\".  This needs to work even if the only attribute in the job add is <code>+AccountingGroup</code>.\n\n<p>I would prefer that changes to submit happen only <em>after</em> or simultaneously with fixes to the matchmaker.   Having said that, this is that needs to change in the current patch.\n\n</p><p>New first-class submit keywords should be\n\n</p><p></p><pre>    accounting_group\n    accounting_user  (or Accounting_group_user)\n</pre>\n\n<p>Removal of config knob to control separator character. The separator character shall be \".\" until such time as the matchmaker has been fixed to properly handle \".\" in user names.  Part of that fix to the matchmaker could be a change such that it handles \":\" OR \".\" as a group/user separator, with \":\" preferred as it opens up the possibility of better error messages for incorrectly configured pools.  Note that it should never be necessary to use \":\" to get correct behavior for properly configured pools.\n\n</p><p>The new first-class submit keywords add 2 attributes to the job ad.\n\n</p><p></p><pre>   AccountingGroup = \"string\"\n   AccountingUserName = \"string\"\n</pre>\n\n<p>For backwards compatibility <code>AccountingGroup</code> attribute may contain \"group.user\" just \"group\", The matchmaker will have to handle both cases.  If <code>AccountingUserName</code> is defined, then <code>AccountingGroup</code> should contain only the group name.\n\n</p><p>If we want to be helpful to users, if <code>AccountingUserName</code> is defined, the <code>AccountingGroup</code> would be allowed to contain \"group.user\" as long as \"user\" is the same value as <code>AccountingUserName</code>.\n\n</p><p></p><hr/>\n<em>2013-Jan-17 17:29:28 by eje:</em> <br/>\n\nFor review: V7_9-gt2728-1st-class-acct-group\n\n<p></p><ul>\n<li>submit commands are:\n<ul>\n<li>accounting_group\n</li><li>accounting_group_user (defaults to Owner)\n</li></ul>\n</li><li>job attributes are:\n<ul>\n<li><span class=\"wiki\"><a class=\"missing\" href=\"wiki?p=AcctGroup\" title=\"Acct Group\">AcctGroup</a></span>\n</li><li><span class=\"wiki\"><a class=\"missing\" href=\"wiki?p=AcctGroupUser\" title=\"Acct Group User\">AcctGroupUser</a></span>\n</li></ul>\n</li><li><span class=\"wiki\"><a class=\"missing\" href=\"wiki?p=AccountingGroup\" title=\"Accounting Group\">AccountingGroup</a></span> has legacy semantics and format\n<ul>\n<li>value now constructed from new commands, when present\n</li></ul>\n</li><li>Any issues with dots in usernames to be resolved on <span class=\"ticket\"><a class=\"defer\" href=\"/wiki-archive/tickets/?ticket=2767\" onclick=\"get_ticket_and_populate_wrapper('2767'); return false;\" title=\"usernames containing a period/dot cause problems in accounting groups\">#2767</a></span>\n</li></ul>\n\n<p></p><hr/>\n<em>2013-Feb-07 11:29:16 by tstclair:</em> <br/>\n\nAny update re:review?  This has been languishing.\n\n<p></p><hr/>\n<em>2013-Apr-11 11:33:56 by tstclair:</em> <br/>\n\n<strong>REVIEW:</strong> Looks fine, but should someone address <span class=\"ticket\"><a class=\"defer\" href=\"/wiki-archive/tickets/?ticket=2767\" onclick=\"get_ticket_and_populate_wrapper('2767'); return false;\" title=\"usernames containing a period/dot cause problems in accounting groups\">#2767</a></span> they will need to make a minor edit.\n\n<p></p><hr/>\n<em>2013-Apr-11 13:09:43 by johnkn:</em> <br/>\n\nI have already rejected this patch, and hasn't changed in any substantive way since it was rejected. It hasn't been languishing in review, it's been waiting for my objections to be addressed.\n\n<p></p><hr/>\n<em>2013-Apr-11 13:21:49 by tstclair:</em> <br/>\n\nIMHO the previous comments conflated two separate issues which are orthogonal, and can/should be addressed separately.  The current patch does address the issues outlined above, but not as it relates to <span class=\"ticket\"><a class=\"defer\" href=\"/wiki-archive/tickets/?ticket=2767\" onclick=\"get_ticket_and_populate_wrapper('2767'); return false;\" title=\"usernames containing a period/dot cause problems in accounting groups\">#2767</a></span>.  If folks want to address separator concerns, then that is the ticket for it, but gating one on the other is a non-sequitur imo.\n\n<p></p><hr/>\n<em>2013-Apr-11 13:33:06 by johnkn:</em> <br/>\n\nThe current patch still created 3 job attributes containing 2 items of information, so no it doesn't address all of the objections.\n\n<p>It also exacerbates the bug from <span class=\"ticket\"><a class=\"defer\" href=\"/wiki-archive/tickets/?ticket=2767\" onclick=\"get_ticket_and_populate_wrapper('2767'); return false;\" title=\"usernames containing a period/dot cause problems in accounting groups\">#2767</a></span> by using . as a separator between group and user.\n\n</p><p>so, no. it doesn't actually address the most important of the objections.\n\n</p><p>I's also premature. FIRST fix the Negotiator to prefer : or / as a group separator, but tolerate . when there is no : or /.\n\n</p><p>Possibly also have it recognize <span class=\"wiki\"><a class=\"missing\" href=\"wiki?p=AccountingUserName\" title=\"Accounting User Name\">AccountingUserName</a></span> as a job attribute and prefer it to Owner when it exists.\n\n</p><p>Having a first class submit keyword that does the wrong thing doesn't make it any easier to fix the root problem. it makes it harder.\n\n</p><p></p><hr/>\n<em>2013-Apr-11 15:02:55 by eje:</em> <br/>\n\nThe patch only creates two new attributes:  <span class=\"wiki\"><a class=\"missing\" href=\"wiki?p=AcctGroup\" title=\"Acct Group\">AcctGroup</a></span> and <span class=\"wiki\"><a class=\"missing\" href=\"wiki?p=AcctGroupUser\" title=\"Acct Group User\">AcctGroupUser</a></span>. The data in <span class=\"wiki\"><a class=\"missing\" href=\"wiki?p=AccountingGroup\" title=\"Accounting Group\">AccountingGroup</a></span> is technically redundant.  In a perfect world, it could be dispensed with, but its continued existence is important for backward compatability with customers.\n\n<p>We have a need for two things: the first is a \"1st-class\" submit command for setting accounting group, which the patch provides in the form of \"accounting_group\" and \"accounting_group_user\"\n\n</p><p>The second thing is a job-ad attribute that represents the accounting group name decoupled from the user name.  As we are stuck with retaining <span class=\"wiki\"><a class=\"missing\" href=\"wiki?p=AccountingGroup\" title=\"Accounting Group\">AccountingGroup</a></span> in its present form for backward compatability, I think using <span class=\"wiki\"><a class=\"missing\" href=\"wiki?p=AcctGroup\" title=\"Acct Group\">AcctGroup</a></span> and <span class=\"wiki\"><a class=\"missing\" href=\"wiki?p=AcctGroupUser\" title=\"Acct Group User\">AcctGroupUser</a></span> is a reasonable pair of names that meet the contraint.\n\n</p><p>Regarding <span class=\"ticket\"><a class=\"defer\" href=\"/wiki-archive/tickets/?ticket=2767\" onclick=\"get_ticket_and_populate_wrapper('2767'); return false;\" title=\"usernames containing a period/dot cause problems in accounting groups\">#2767</a></span>, the logic having to do with inserting a separator is still as localized as it was before, so there should be no impact on the effort needed for <span class=\"ticket\"><a class=\"defer\" href=\"/wiki-archive/tickets/?ticket=2767\" onclick=\"get_ticket_and_populate_wrapper('2767'); return false;\" title=\"usernames containing a period/dot cause problems in accounting groups\">#2767</a></span>\n\n</p><p></p><hr/>\n<em>2013-Apr-22 13:19:34 by gthain:</em> <br/>\n\nThere's one use case missing here.  If someone just sets the <span class=\"wiki\"><a class=\"missing\" href=\"wiki?p=AccountingGroupUser\" title=\"Accounting Group User\">AccountingGroupUser</a></span> without setting the Group, then <span class=\"wiki\"><a class=\"missing\" href=\"wiki?p=AccountingGroup\" title=\"Accounting Group\">AccountingGroup</a></span> remains unset.  In this case, we should revert to the old semantic of <span class=\"wiki\"><a class=\"missing\" href=\"wiki?p=AccountingGroup\" title=\"Accounting Group\">AccountingGroup</a></span> meaning user alias.\n\n<p></p><hr/>\n<em>2013-Apr-22 14:26:35 by eje:</em> <br/>\n\nJust to make sure I'm on the same page, you mean, in this case:\n\n<p></p><div class=\"code\">\n<pre class=\"code\"># accounting_group is *not* set\naccounting_group_user = horace\n</pre></div>\n\n\n<p>in a submit file, the current behavior is that it will be ignored, but we could instead have it be equivalent to:\n\n</p><p></p><div class=\"code\">\n<pre class=\"code\">+AccountingGroup = \"horace\"</pre></div>\n\n\n<p>so its behavior would be more analogous to the current default of <span class=\"wiki\"><a class=\"missing\" href=\"wiki?p=AccountingGroup\" title=\"Accounting Group\">AccountingGroup</a></span> to being Owner?\n\n</p><p></p><hr/>\n<em>2013-Apr-23 09:41:21 by eje:</em> <br/>\n\nThe documentation doesn't seem to call out the use case where setting accounting_group_user only (or alternatively +AccountingGroup=\"just_user\") acts to set the effective user name for the accountant, with no group.\n\n<p>Also, the behavior in this use case is different depending on whether any accounting groups are declared.  When acct groups are in effect, the group name will be defaulted to \"&lt;none&gt;\" with a warning message in the negotiator log:</p></blockquote>", "derived_tickets": "<table border=\"0\" cellpadding=\"0\" cellspacing=\"0\">\n<tbody><tr><td align=\"right\" valign=\"top\" width=\"160\">\n<span class=\"ticket\"><a class=\"defer\" href=\"/wiki-archive/tickets/?ticket=2767\" onclick=\"get_ticket_and_populate_wrapper('2767'); return false;\" title=\"usernames containing a period/dot cause problems in accounting groups\">#2767</a></span></td>\n<td align=\"center\" valign=\"center\" width=\"30\">\n<span class=\"icon ptr1\">\u00a0</span></td>\n<td align=\"left\" valign=\"top\">\nusernames containing a period/dot cause problems in accounting groups</td></tr>\n</tbody></table>", "attachments": "<html><head></head><body></body></html>", "check_ins": "<table border=\"0\" cellpadding=\"0\" cellspacing=\"0\">\n<tbody><tr><td align=\"right\" valign=\"top\" width=\"160\">2013-May-15 12:16</td>\n<td align=\"center\" valign=\"top\" width=\"30\">\n<span class=\"icon dot\">\u00a0</span></td>\n<td align=\"left\" valign=\"top\"> \nCheck-in <span class=\"chng\"><a href=\"https://github.com/htcondor/htcondor/commit/8387d7404658dff1bfc4e9687a631db6b9efb0ee\">[35707]</a></span>: Edit defns of new submit commands accounting_group and accounting_group_user, as well as place them within the list according to alphabetical order. ===GT=== <span class=\"ticket\"><a class=\"resolved\" href=\"/wiki-archive/tickets/?ticket=2728\" onclick=\"get_ticket_and_populate_wrapper('2728'); return false;\" title=\"RFE: a 1st-class accounting_group 'command' for submit files\">#2728</a></span>  (By Karen Miller )</td></tr>\n<tr><td align=\"right\" valign=\"top\" width=\"160\">2013-May-07 15:53</td>\n<td align=\"center\" valign=\"top\" width=\"30\">\n<span class=\"icon dot\">\u00a0</span></td>\n<td align=\"left\" valign=\"top\"> \nCheck-in <span class=\"chng\"><a href=\"https://github.com/htcondor/htcondor/commit/49c789bf48a59da555494fc678b0dfa790b632ec\">[35639]</a></span>: Correct and edit prose on group accounting and hierarchical group quotas. ===GT=== <span class=\"ticket\"><a class=\"resolved\" href=\"/wiki-archive/tickets/?ticket=2728\" onclick=\"get_ticket_and_populate_wrapper('2728'); return false;\" title=\"RFE: a 1st-class accounting_group 'command' for submit files\">#2728</a></span> ===GT=== <span class=\"ticket\"><a class=\"resolved\" href=\"/wiki-archive/tickets/?ticket=3053\" onclick=\"get_ticket_and_populate_wrapper('3053'); return false;\" title='HGQ and negotiation: document the &lt;none&gt; \"group\"'>#3053</a></span> ===GT=== <span class=\"ticket\"><a class=\"resolved\" href=\"/wiki-archive/tickets/?ticket=1393\" onclick=\"get_ticket_and_populate_wrapper('1393'); return false;\" title=\"Implement tiered groups and hierarchical fairshare\">#1393</a></span> ===GT=== <span class=\"ticket\"><a class=\"resolved\" href=\"/wiki-archive/tickets/?ticket=1906\" onclick=\"get_ticket_and_populate_wrapper('1906'); return false;\" title=\"Update documentation for new Hierarchical Acct Group Quotas (HGQ)\">#1906</a></span>  (By Karen Miller )</td></tr>\n<tr><td align=\"right\" valign=\"top\" width=\"160\">2013-Apr-22 13:37</td>\n<td align=\"center\" valign=\"top\" width=\"30\">\n<span class=\"icon dot\">\u00a0</span></td>\n<td align=\"left\" valign=\"top\"> \nCheck-in <span class=\"chng\"><a href=\"https://github.com/htcondor/htcondor/commit/be1c3316b814f07a6b36ff7054188044ebbd3b5f\">[35487]</a></span>: Additional fixes for <span class=\"ticket\"><a class=\"resolved\" href=\"/wiki-archive/tickets/?ticket=2728\" onclick=\"get_ticket_and_populate_wrapper('2728'); return false;\" title=\"RFE: a 1st-class accounting_group 'command' for submit files\">#2728</a></span>  (By Greg Thain )</td></tr>\n<tr><td align=\"right\" valign=\"top\" width=\"160\">2013-Apr-11 11:14</td>\n<td align=\"center\" valign=\"top\" width=\"30\">\n<span class=\"icon dot\">\u00a0</span></td>\n<td align=\"left\" valign=\"top\"> \nCheck-in <span class=\"chng\"><a href=\"https://github.com/htcondor/htcondor/commit/dee1e6cb4a25ad28271e61bf9b62005b011c79a8\">[35376]</a></span>: ===GT:VersionHistory=== <span class=\"ticket\"><a class=\"resolved\" href=\"/wiki-archive/tickets/?ticket=2728\" onclick=\"get_ticket_and_populate_wrapper('2728'); return false;\" title=\"RFE: a 1st-class accounting_group 'command' for submit files\">#2728</a></span>  (By Erik Erlandson )</td></tr>\n<tr><td align=\"right\" valign=\"top\" width=\"160\">2013-Apr-11 11:14</td>\n<td align=\"center\" valign=\"top\" width=\"30\">\n<span class=\"icon dot\">\u00a0</span></td>\n<td align=\"left\" valign=\"top\"> \nCheck-in <span class=\"chng\"><a href=\"https://github.com/htcondor/htcondor/commit/44233ce00b4d0b215ef690f60ab79bfc8b1cc601\">[35375]</a></span>: Documentation for new 1st-class accounting groups <span class=\"ticket\"><a class=\"resolved\" href=\"/wiki-archive/tickets/?ticket=2728\" onclick=\"get_ticket_and_populate_wrapper('2728'); return false;\" title=\"RFE: a 1st-class accounting_group 'command' for submit files\">#2728</a></span>  (By Erik Erlandson )</td></tr>\n<tr><td align=\"right\" valign=\"top\" width=\"160\">2013-Apr-11 11:14</td>\n<td align=\"center\" valign=\"top\" width=\"30\">\n<span class=\"icon dot\">\u00a0</span></td>\n<td align=\"left\" valign=\"top\"> \nCheck-in <span class=\"chng\"><a href=\"https://github.com/htcondor/htcondor/commit/48fc027c69406169d33fd18a8c928c6957e1f0bf\">[35374]</a></span>: Provide a first class accounting group via submit files ===GT:Fixed=== <span class=\"ticket\"><a class=\"resolved\" href=\"/wiki-archive/tickets/?ticket=2728\" onclick=\"get_ticket_and_populate_wrapper('2728'); return false;\" title=\"RFE: a 1st-class accounting_group 'command' for submit files\">#2728</a></span>  (By Erik Erlandson )</td></tr>\n</tbody></table>", "type": "enhance", "last_change": "2013-Apr-23 09:41", "status": "resolved", "created": "2011-Dec-22 15:11", "fixed_version": "2011-Dec-22 15:11", "broken_version": "v070900", "priority": "3", "subsystem": "Tools", "assigned_to": "eje", "derived_from": "#2961", "creator": "eje", "rust": "", "customer_group": "other", "visibility": "public", "notify": "eje@cs.wisc.edu, dan@hep.wisc.edu, tannenba@cs.wisc.edu, bbockelm@cse.unl.edu, matt@cs.wisc.edu, tstclair@redhat.com, johnkn@cs.wisc.edu smoler@cs.wisc.edu", "due_date": ""}